# Community Asset Map

## <mark style="color:purple;">**What is a community asset map?**</mark>

This is a map/directory of the collective resources, strengths, and skills that exist within your lab and university community, and which could provide avenues for engagement. What is outlined here may be tangible or intangible, and will also reflect assets that are specific to individuals, or that are shared by the whole lab or university community.&#x20;

## <mark style="color:purple;">Why build/use a community asset map?</mark>&#x20;

An asset map is powerful as a means of highlighting the strengths and capacities of a community, rather than focusing on its deficits. This practice encourages building from what a community already has, providing a venue for interconnections between exisiting resources and capacities, as opposed to focusing on what it is lacking. Plus, it pays off to get everyone on the same page!&#x20;

## <mark style="color:purple;">**How do I contribute?**</mark>

<table data-card-size="large" data-column-title-hidden data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p><strong>Begin by reflecting on your own strengths and assets.</strong> </p><p>There is no right or wrong answer for what is considered a strength or asset, and these may be tangible or intangible. A good benchmark is to include anything you would be open to having others reach out to you for - to get advice about, to share a conversation, or to learn from. If you are unsure if you are equipped to help in some way, lean on the side of including it - we tend to be our own worst critics, and your openness to talk and share might go a long way in closing the knowledge gap for someone else. This is a great way for our community members to connect and support one another, so participation is highly encouraged. </p></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Here are some examples to get you thinking. This list is not comprehensive!</strong> Make note of wet lab skills that you may be able to demo or teach someone. Do you have a keen eye for copy editing and catching typos? Do you enjoy graphic design and/or have a repository of useful cartoons that your colleagues could borrow from? Do you have experience crafting emails to different audiences and have templates or tips to share? Are you up for listening to and workshopping practice talks? Do you have a knack for organizing your files and folders or an organization system that works especially well for you? Do you have a naming convention for files or papers that works especially well for future searching?</td></tr></tbody></table>

## <mark style="color:purple;">How do I use information from it?</mark>

As you move through your time in the lab, there will be many occasions when you would benefit from community or peer support. This could be when you need an audience to provide constructive, candid feedback on a presentation or grant/fellowship proposal; when you need a listening ear or sounding board to work through the language you might use during a tough conversation on the horizon; when you are looking for someone to shadow in learning a new technique; when you need a second pair of eyes to look at your code for bugs; or when you need to brainstorm ideas for a new/struggling project. Look through this resource, which is both a reminder of the support available to you and a concrete step towards identifying an action plan to reach out for help to problem-solve.&#x20;

## <mark style="color:purple;">What does this actually look like? Give me a template.</mark>

There are many ways to make a community asset map. Here is a Google Sheets template that contains all the instructions on this page in the first tab, and a template for individuals to add their asset mapping information in the second tab. Open this in a new tab and make a copy to your own Google Drive before editing.&#x20;

{% embed url="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13UdMdVveULO_qpdtFrbFmCacFhDINNvbqhjOSPpQ5Sk/edit#gid=2009993574" %}

<table data-card-size="large" data-column-title-hidden data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><mark style="color:purple;"><strong>What else should I know?</strong></mark></td><td><p>This repository of information is an excellent means of recognizing the community's interconnectedness and creating a culture of community citizenship. </p><p></p><p>Update your record often. Leverage the support your network has, pay it forward, and forge connections with/between others. </p><p></p><p>Science is a human endeavor. And science works better when it's collaborative. </p></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:purple;"><strong>Where can I learn more?</strong></mark></td><td><p>Framed in the context of rebuilding communities in distress, here is an overview prepared by those often credited with formalizing community asset mapping: <a href="https://resources.depaul.edu/abcd-institute/publications/Documents/GreenBookIntro%202018.pdf">Introduction to "Building Communities from the Inside Out: A Path Toward Finding and Mobilizing a Community's Assets," by John P. Kretzmann and John L. McKnight</a>.</p><p></p><p>Framed in the context of growing one's home/local communities, here is a workbook from the Northwest Regional Education Library which provides reflection exercises that allow you to contribute to and use a community asset map effectively:<a href="https://resources.depaul.edu/abcd-institute/resources/Documents/DorfmanMappingCommunityAssetsWorkBook.pdf"> </a><a href="https://resources.depaul.edu/abcd-institute/resources/Documents/DorfmanMappingCommunityAssetsWorkBook.pdf">Mapping Community Assets Workbook by Diane Dorfman</a>.</p></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

<mark style="color:purple;"></mark>
